JUICE BY TAPPY !
OHHH. TAPPY'S GOT JUICE !
TAPPY'S GOT JUICE !
OHHH. TAPPY !
[ Cheering ]
[ Tappy ]
JUICE !  JUICE !  JUICE !
JUICE BY YOU !
JUICE !  JUICE BY YOU !
THANK YOU. THANK YOU. THANK YOU.
[ Man ]  WE GOT A WINNER.
[ Audience ]
WE GOT A WINNER !
I SAID. WE GOT A WINNER.
WE GOT A WINNER.
WE GOT A WINNER !
OUR FIRST WINNER
IS A FLIGHT ATTENDANT
FROM WASHINGTON. D.C.
PLEASE WELCOME MARY KELLINGTON.
[ Audience ]
JUICE BY MARY !
JUICE BY MARY !  OHHH--
- [ Man Pulls Plug Out ]
- HAROLD. PLEASE.
NOT AGAIN THE TV.
MA !  COME ON. MA !
WHY DO YOU HAVE TO MAKE
A BIG DEAL OUTTA THIS ?
YOU KNOW YOU'LL GET
THE SET BACK
IN A COUPLE OF HOURS.
WHY YA GOTTA MAKE ME
FEEL SO GUILTY ?
JESUS !
WHAT ARE YOU TRYING TO DO ?
TRYING TO GET ME TO BREAK
MY OWN MOTHER'S SET ?
OR BREAK THE RADIATOR ?
AND MAYBE BLOW UP
THE HOUSE ?  IS THAT WHAT
YOU'RE TRYING TO DO ?
YOUR OWN FLESH AND BLOOD !
IS THAT WHAT YOU'RE TRYING
TO DO ?  YOUR OWN SON ?
WHY DO YOU ALWAYS GOTTA
PLAY GAMES WITH MY HEAD.
FOR CHRIST'S SAKE ?
HAROLD.
I WOULDN'T DO THAT.
THE CHAIN ISN'T FOR YOU.
IT'S FOR THE ROBBERS.
THEN WHY WON'T YOU
COME OUT ?
[ Rattles Door ]
SEE WHAT I MEAN ?
SEE HOW YOU ALWAYS GOTTA
UPSET ME. MA ?
CHRIST'S SAKE.
[ Sighs ]
MA ?
MA !
COME ON OUT.
PLEASE. MA ?
AH. SCREW IT !
THIS ISN'T HAPPENING.
AND IF IT SHOULD BE HAPPENING.
IT WOULD BE ALL RIGHT.
SO DON'T WORRY. SEYMOUR.
IT'LL ALL WORK OUT.
YOU'LL SEE ALREADY.
IN THE END. IT'S ALL NICE.
SHIT. MAN.
THAT MOTHERFUCKER'S STARTING
TO LOOK A LITTLE SEEDY.
WHAT. ARE YOU PARTICULAR
ALL OF A SUDDEN ?
I DON'T CARE IF
THE MOTHERFUCKER'S GROWING HAIR.
AS LONG AS WE GET OUR BREAD.
JUST GIVE ME A HAND.
TYRONE.
- HELLO.
- [ Together ]  HI.
WHOOPIE FUCK.
THE TABLE TOO !
WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME ?
YOU WANT ME TO SCHLEP IT
ON MY BACK ?
- YOU GOT A FRIEND.
- I AIN'T MY LEPER'S SCHLEPPER.
SHIT.
SUCH A SON.  A GONIFF !
YOUR MOTHER NEEDS YOU LIKE
A MOOSE NEEDS A HAT RACK.
♪ [ Rock ]
♪
[ Laughing ]
♪ [ Music Stops ]
♪ [ Rock ]
♪
SHIT. MAN.
THIS IS SOME BOSS SCAG.
I MEAN. DYNAMITE.
OH. MAN.
IT'S SOMETHING ELSE.
YOU KNOW WHAT
WE NEED TO DO ?
WE NEED TO GET US
A PIECE OF THIS BRODY SHIT.
CUT IT UP AND OFF IT !
WE COULD DOUBLE OUR MONEY...
EASY.
WE COULD BUY US A COUPLE
OF PIECES. AND WE GOT SOME
WHOLE OTHER SHIT GOING ON.
THAT'D BE RIGHTEOUS.
I'LL BET IN NO TIME WE'D GET
A POUND OF PURE STRAIGHT
FROM SAL THE GEEP.
OOOH !  THAT'S WHAT
I'M TALKING ABOUT.
NO HASSLES.
- HOW'S IT GOIN' ?  THE USUAL ?
- WHAT'S UP. BUDDY ?
YEAH. SOUNDS GOOD.
ANYTHING ELSE ?  HUH ?
- [ Waiter ]  ANYTHING ELSE ?
- AH. NO.
NOTHING.
I'M ALL RIGHT.
- GOOD AFTERNOON. MRS. GOLDFARB.
- GOOD AFTERNOON.
MR. RABINOWITZ.
ALTHOUGH I'M NOT SO SURE
HOW GOOD IT IS.
AND YOU ?
- WHAT CAN I SAY ?
YOU WANT YOUR TV ?
- YES. IF YOU DON'T MIND.
MRS. GOLDFARB.
CAN I ASK YOU A QUESTION ?
YOU WON'T TAKE IT PERSONAL ?
HOW MANY YEARS
WE KNOW EACH OTHER ?
WHO'S TO COUNT ?
WHY DON'T YOU TELL ALREADY
THE POLICE ?  MAYBE THEY
COULD TALK TO HARRY.
HE WOULDN'T BE STEALING
NO MORE THE TV.
I COULDN'T DO THAT.
HARRY'S MY ONLY CHILD.
HE'S ALL I HAVE.
THANK YOU.
MR. RABINOWITZ.
- [ Padlock Locks ]
- JOIN US IN CREATING
EXCELLENCE.  JUICE !
[ TV ]
YOU HAVE MORE PASSION FOR LIVING
THAN YOU'VE EVER IMAGINED.
[ Audience On TV ]
BE EXCITED !
BE. BE EXCITED !
[ TV Continues Indistinct ]
- [ Old Man ]
HELLO ?  WHO IS IT ?
- [ Mumbling ]
[ Buzzer Buzzes ]
[ Elevator Bell Rings ]
- AW. SHIT.
- NOW WHAT ?
[ Phone Ringing ]
[ Ringing Continues ]
HELLO ?
[ Man ]  MRS. GOLDFARB ?
MRS. SARA GOLDFARB ?
- ME.  SPEAKING.
- THIS IS LYLE RUSSEL
FROM MAYLIN AND BLOCK.
I'M NOT INTERESTED--
WAIT.  I'M NOT SELLING
ANYTHING.  NOTHING.
I JUST WANT TO OFFER YOU
A CHANCE
TO BE ON TELEVISION.
TELEVISION ?
THAT'S RIGHT. TELEVISION.
CONGRATULATIONS !
LOOK. I DON'T HAVE ANY--
I'M NOT LOOKING FOR MONEY.
MRS. GOLDFARB.
I'M CALLING TO TELL YOU
YOU'VE ALREADY WON.
MAYLIN AND BLOCK DISCOVERS
CONTESTANTS FOR MOST
OF AMERICA'S TELEVISION SHOWS.
YOU'VE ALREADY BEEN CHOSEN
FROM A LONG LIST
OF POTENTIAL CONTESTANTS.
MEANING.
YOU'VE ALREADY WON.
YES. MRS. GOLDFARB.
I NEVER THOUGHT I'D BE
ON TELEVISION.  I'M JUST--
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU ON TELEVISION.
WE'LL BE SENDING YOU ALL
THE NECESSARY INFORMATION
IN THE MAIL.
GOOD-BYE. CONGRATULATIONS
AND TAKE CARE.
[ Sighs ]
[ Harry ]  I DON'T GET IT.
WHY ARE YOU
SO HARD ON YOUR FOLKS ?
I MEAN.
THEY GIVE YOU EVERYTHING.
THEY HOOK YOU UP
WITH AN APARTMENT.
WITH A CROAKER SHRINK.
WHICH IS FINE. YOU KNOW.
IT'S GREAT.  IT'S JUST--
MONEY IS NEVER WHAT I REALLY
WANTED FROM THEM. YOU KNOW.
THAT'S PRETTY MUCH ALL
THEY HAVE TO GIVE.
[ Harry ]
WHY DON'T YOU
GET AWAY FROM 'EM ?
[ Marion ]
HOW AM I GONNA DO THAT ?
I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT ABOUT YOUR CLOTHES ?
YOUR SKETCHES ARE GREAT.
OPEN UP A STORE.
I CAN'T.
- WHY NOT ?
- WHEN WILL I HAVE TIME
TO HANG WITH YOU ?
WELL !
SO WHERE'S THE PARTY ?
WHEN I TELL YOU. YOU'RE
GONNA JUMP OUTTA THE WINDOW.
[ Mumbling ]
I GOT A GREAT DIET BOOK.
HEY.
[ Buzzer. Alarm Blaring ]
THEY'RE COMING.
[ Laughing ]
BE EXCITED !
BE. BE EXCITED !
[ Chanting Continues ]
I THOUGHT I'D CATCH
A LITTLE SUN TODAY.
REALLY ?  WELL. IN A BOX
YOU'LL CATCH IT.
RELAX AND THINK HOW
GORGEOUS YOU'LL LOOK
WITH YOUR NEW RED HAIR.
TODAY THE HAIR.
TOMORROW THE SUN.
ANYBODY WANT
TO WASTE SOME TIME ?
[ Harry's Voice ]
ANGEL SAYS THAT THIS IS
THE TIME. WE SHOULD DO IT NOW.
[ Tyrone's Voice ]
I'M GONNA CALL BRODY TOMORROW.
[ Marion's Voice ] WHO'S BRODY ?
[ Tyrone ]
THAT'S MY SWEET CONNECTION.
HE'S GOT UNBELIEVABLE SHIT.
[ Tyrone ]
SHIT. RIGHTEOUS.
[ Harry ]
MARION. WE GOT THIS IDEA.
WHAT IS IT ?
IF WE GET A PIECE OF THIS STUFF.
WE CAN CUT IT UP AND
DOUBLE OUR MONEY. NO PROBLEM.
[ Tyrone ]  THEN WE GET A POUND
OF PURE AND RETIRE.  YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS.  NO MORE HACKS.
[ Harry ]
WE GET OFF HARD KNOCKS
AND BE ON EASY STREET.
WHAT'S THE CATCH ?
THAT'S A RED.
I MEAN. THAT'S A RED.
IT'S NOT A RED RED.
BUT THAT'S A RED.
IT'S A RED.
RED ?
YEAH.
IT'S A RED.
YOU'RE TELLING ME
THAT'S RED ?
YEAH. I'M TELLING YOU.
THEN WHAT'S ORANGE ?
IF THIS IS A RED.
I WANT TO KNOW WHAT'S ORANGE ?
WELL. IT COULD BE...
THAT IT'S
A LITTLE ORANGE TOO.
YOU KNOW SOMETHING ?
HMM ?
I ALWAYS THOUGHT YOU WERE
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL GIRL
I'VE EVER SEEN.
REALLY ?
EVER SINCE I FIRST SAW YOU.
THAT'S NICE. HARRY.
MAKES ME FEEL REALLY GOOD.
OTHER PEOPLE HAVE TOLD ME
THAT BEFORE.
AND IT WAS MEANINGLESS.
WHY ?
BECAUSE YOU THOUGHT
THEY WERE PULLING YOUR LEG ?
NO. NO.
NOT LIKE THAT.
I DON'T KNOW.
I DON'T KNOW OR EVEN CARE
IF THEY WERE.
JUST FROM THEM
IT WAS...
JUST MEANINGLESS.
YOU KNOW ?
WHEN YOU SAY IT.
I HEAR IT.
I REALLY HEAR IT.
SOMEBODY LIKE YOU
COULD REALLY MAKE THINGS
ALL RIGHT FOR ME.
YOU THINK ?
[ Marion ]
WHAT IS IT ?
[ Harry ]
REMEMBER WHEN I TOLD YOU
ABOUT THE STORE ?
YEAH.
I'VE BEEN THINKING
ABOUT IT A LOT.
I PUT TOGETHER
SOME NUMBERS.
AND IT'S NOT IMPOSSIBLE !
I MEAN. YOU KNOW.
YOU COULD DO IT.
YOU SHOULD DO IT !
WE COULD DO IT TOGETHER.
WHAT DO YOU THINK ?
[ Stomach Growling ]
STOP ALREADY.
YOU'LL FEEL BETTER
IN THE RED DRESS
THAN IN THE CHEESE DANISH.
THREE THINGS IS ALL I DID
TO CHANGE MY LIFE.
THREE THINGS.
[ Audience ]
NUMBER ONE !
NO RED MEAT !
THINK ABOUT IT.
WHAT DO THEY STICK IN RED MEAT ?
I ATE RED MEAT TO THE POINT
WHERE I WOULD EAT IT...
SLAB. RIGHT OFF. RAW.
I LOVED MY MEAT !
I TURNED IT AROUND.
YOU NEED TO BE COMMITTED.
YOU NEED TO BE PASSIONATE.
NO RED MEAT.
NO RED MEAT FOR 30 DAYS.
NO RED MEAT !
THREE THINGS IS ALL I DID
TO CHANGE MY LIFE.
THREE THINGS.
ADA TOLD US.
IT'S GORGEOUS.
WE'RE GONNA MAKE IT
A LITTLE DARKER TOMORROW.
- WHY DARKER ?
- TO GO WITH MY RED DRESS.
- YEAH. BUT NOW IT'S
LOOKING LIKE MADONNA.
- THIS IS NOT MADONNA.
AND NEITHER IS THIS.
BUT SOON.  I'M GOING ON A DIET.
- WHAT DIET ARE YOU ON ?
- EGGS AND GRAPEFRUIT.
- I WAS ON THAT ONE.
LOTS OF LUCK.
- IT'S NOT SO BAD.
- HOW LONG YOU BEEN ON IT ?
- ALL DAY.
- ALL DAY !  IT'S 1:00 !
[ Laughing ]
- [ Laughing ]
- I'M THINKING THIN.
- SHE'S THINKING THIN.
MY LOUISE. SHE LOST 50 POUNDS
JUST LIKE THAT.
- LIKE THAT ?
- LIKE WHAT ?
- POOF !
- WHAT'D YOU DO ?
PUT HER IN A SWEATBOX ?
- [ Laughing ]
SHE WENT TO A DOCTOR.
HE GAVE HER PILLS.
YOU DON'T WANT TO EAT.
SO ?
WHAT'S SO GOOD ABOUT THAT ?
YOU MEAN. I'M SITTING HERE
NOT THINKING ABOUT CHOPPED LIVER
AND PASTRAMI ON RYE ?
YOU KNOW. YOU REALLY
SHOULDN'T TALK LIKE THAT
WHEN SOMEONE'S ON A DIET.
OH. BIG DEAL.
I'LL SNEAK ANOTHER WEDGE
OF GRAPEFRUIT.
- I'M THINKING THIN !
- SARA. THE MAILMAN.
SARA GOLDFARB.  YOU HAVE
SOMETHING FOR SARA GOLDFARB ?
I'M EXPECTING SOMETHING.
GOLDFARB. GOLDFARB.
SARA GOLDFARB.
IS THAT IT ?
THAT'S IT !
COME ON.
WAIT. I GOTTA GET MY STUFF.
ALL RIGHT. I CAN TELL YOU.
YOUR NAME.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME ?
S-A-R-A G-O-L-D--
[ All ]
F-A-R-B !
DYNAMITE ?
IT'S DYNAMITE.
DYNAMITE !
ALL RIGHT. WE ON OUR WAY.
BRODY'S MAN SAYS
HE GOT SOME REAL FINE SHIT.
ALL RIGHT. MAN.
- HERE WE GO.
- TY ?
LET'S DO THIS RIGHT. MAN.
COME ON. BABY.
NATURALLY.
HURRY. HURRY.
LET'S HURRY.
I WONDER WHEN YOU'LL HEAR.
HI !
[ Woman ]
I WANNA COME WITH YOU !
MAYBE THEY'LL SEND YOU
TO THE TAVERN ON THE GREEN.
THAT'S WHERE THEY SEND
ALL THE STARS.
YEAH. I'M EATING EGGS
AND GRAPEFRUIT
AT TAVERN ON THE GREEN.
I HOPE THEY HAVE THAT.
HURRY BEFORE
THE MAILMAN COMES.
HERE WE ARE.
MAIL IT !
[ Woman ]
OH. SARA !
THIS IS SO EXCITING !
- THERE IT IS. JIM.
- HUH ?
- THERE IT IS. BABY.
- SHIT !
- SHALL WE TRY IT ?
- WAIT. TY.
LOOK. THIS IS OUR CHANCE
TO MAKE IT BIG.
WE PLAY IT RIGHT.
WE CAN GET A POUND OF PURE.
BUT IF WE GET WASTED.
WE'LL FUCK IT UP.
I KNOW.
HEY. LOOK. I AIN'T TRYING
TO JIVE YOU. JIM.
I DON'T WANNA BE RUNNING THE
STREETS. MY SNEAKERS RIPPED UP.
MY NOSE RUNNIN' DOWN TO MY CHIN.
ALL I'M SAYIN' IS
WE SHOULD TAKE A LITTLE TASTE
SO WE KNOW HOW MUCH TO CUT.
IT'S BUSINESS.
FAIR ENOUGH.
SHIT !
[ Laughing ]
THANK YOU !
THREE THINGS IS ALL I DID.
THIRTY DAYS IS ALL IT TAKES.
NUMBER TWO !
NO REFINED SUGAR !
NOW. SUGAR'S EVERYWHERE.
YOU KNOW THEY EVEN PUT SUGAR
IN BOTTLED WATER ?
I WAS SICK WITH SUGAR !
THAT WAS MY MEDICINE.
IT NURTURED ME.
IT NURTURED MY SPIRALLING BRAIN
THAT FELT I WAS A LOSER.
[ Audience ]
JUICE BY YOU !
RULE TWO IS NO REFINED SUGAR.
SODAS ?  DON'T EVEN THINK
ABOUT SODAS ANYMORE.
NO SUCKING CANDIES.
NONE OF THAT STUFF.
JUST STAY AWAY FROM IT.
NO REFINED SUGAR.
WATCH IT FOR 30 DAYS.
I'M GONNA EAT RIGHT.
I AM GONNA PICK UP MY SPIRITS.
AND I AM GONNA TRY !
I FOUND HOPE.
AND IN THAT HOPE.
I FOUND A WAY--
SHUT UP !
[ Woman ]
HELLO ?
ROSIE ?
YEAH.
SARA.
I NEED THE NUMBER
OF THAT DOCTOR.
[ Harry ]
I DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHY YOU GOTTA SEE HIM.
CUT THE SON OF A BITCH LOOSE.
FOR CHRIST'S SAKE.
BECAUSE I DON'T WANT HIM
MENTIONING TO MY PARENTS
THAT I'VE STOPPED THERAPY.
THEY'RE ALREADY SO PISSED OFF
AT ME THEY'RE THINKING
OF CUTTING ME OFF. YOU KNOW.
HARRY. I'M NOT GONNA SLEEP
WITH HIM OR ANYTHING.
I'M GONNA COME HOME
AFTER THE CONCERT.
YOU'RE JEALOUS !
HARRY JEALOUS ?
PUT YOUR ARMS
AROUND ME.
NO.
YOU ARE SO STUBBORN !
PUT YOUR ARMS AROUND ME.
STOP THAT !
I'LL SUCK
YOUR EYEBALLS OUT.
MM-HMM.
WELL--
I'M DISAPPOINTED
THAT YOU'RE INDISPOSED.
IS ANITA OUT OF TOWN
OR SOMETHING ?
WHY DO YOU ASK ?
I WAS JUST WONDERING
IF SHE WAS "INDISPOSED."
NO.
SHE'S FINE. THANK YOU.
ACTUALLY. SHE'S IN FLORIDA.
- CAN I ASK YOU
SOMETHING PERSONAL. ARNOLD ?
- OF COURSE.
- ANYTHING.  WHAT ?
- I--  YOU JUST HAVE
SOMETHING OVER HERE.
- GONE ?
- A LITTLE BIT.
A LITTLE BIT LOWER.
IT'S OKAY.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
IT'S MUCH BETTER.
ARNOLD !
HOW ARE YOU.
MRS. GOLDFARB ?
HOW AM I ?  ENORMOUS.
THAT'S WHY I'M HERE.
I'VE SEEN MUCH WORSE.
OH... THANK YOU.
HOW'S YOUR HEARING
AND VISION ?
I HAVE BOTH.
THE DOCTOR WILL BE WITH YOU
SHORTLY.
I SEE YOU'RE
A LITTLE OVERWEIGHT.
A LITTLE ?
I HAVE 50 POUNDS
I'M WILLING TO DONATE.
WE CAN TAKE CARE OF THAT.
NO PROBLEM.
WE'RE ON OUR WAY. BABY.
WE ARE ON OUR WAY !
IT WAS GREAT OUT THERE.
I MEAN.
EVERYBODY IS THIRSTY.
COME TO ME.
[ Laughing ]
HARRY !
I AM SO GLAD.
[ Man ]
NATURALLY.
PURPLE IN THE MORNING.
BLUE IN THE AFTERNOON.
ORANGE IN THE EVENING.
THERE'S MY THREE MEALS.
MR. SMARTY PANTS.
AND GREEN AT NIGHT.
JUST LIKE THAT.
ONE. TWO. THREE. FOUR.
♪ [ Rhythmic ]
♪
[ Man On TV Speaking Faster ]
WHY DON'T YOU COME BACK
TO BED. BABY ?
COME ON NOW. ALICE.
GOT PLENTY OF TIME FOR THAT.
RIGHT NOW I'M GROOVING
WITH THESE NEW MIRRORS I GOT.
OOOH !
I TOLD YA. MOM.
ONE DAY I'D MAKE IT.
YOU DON'T HAVE
TO MAKE ANYTHING. MY SWEET.
YOU JUST HAVE TO LOVE
YOUR MAMA.
[ Alice ]
WHAT YA DOIN'. BABY ?
HUH ?
WHAT YA DOIN' ?
NOTHIN'.
JUST THINKIN' ABOUT YOU.
ABOUT THE NASTY THINGS
I'M ABOUT TO DO TO YA.
[ Laughs ]
I'M GONNA GET ON YOU !
[ Laughing ]
TY. YOU SCARE ME
TO DEATH.
NO. I WOULDN'T SCARE YOU.
I DON'T WANNA SCARE NOBODY.
ALL I WANT OUT OF LIFE
IS A LITTLE BIT OF PEACE
AND HAPPINESS.  THAT'S ALL.
RIGHT NOW.
YOU'RE THE FINEST FOX
I EVER LAID MY EYES ON.
[ Harry ]
THAT'S WHAT I'LL DO.
[ Marion ]  HMM ?
FOR MY MOTHER.
I'VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT
GETTING SOMETHING FOR HER.
LIKE... LIKE A PRESENT
OR SOMETHING.
BUT I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT
I WAS GONNA GET.
UNTIL NOW.
AND ?
I FINALLY ASKED MYSELF.
RIGHT. WHAT'S HER FIX ?
TELEVISION. RIGHT ?
IF EVER THERE'S
A TV JUNKIE.
IT'S THE OLD LADY.
I FIGURE I OWE HER
A NEW SET ANYWAY. WITH ALL
THE WEAR AND TEAR IT GOT...
FROM BEING SCHLEPPED BACK
AND FORTH TO OLD ABE'S
ALL THE TIME.
YOU REALLY LOVE HER.
DON'T YOU ?
I. I GUESS SO.
YOU KNOW ?
MOST OF THE TIME
I JUST WANT HER TO BE HAPPY.
LET'S GO GET IT NOW.
LET'S PUSH-OFF FIRST.
[ Marion Laughs ]
IT'S EARLY. HARRY.
WE SHOULDN'T GET GOING
TILL TONIGHT.
BE EXCITED.
BE. BE EXCITED.
YOU NEED TO BE COMMITTED.
YOU NEED TO BE PASSIONATE.
I AM A LIVING TESTAMENT.
SIXTY-FIVE POUNDS THINNER.
I FEEL GREAT !
- NUMBER THREE.
- [ Audience ]  THREE !
OHHH. NUMBER THREE !
[ Speaking Very Slowly ]
THIS DRIVES PEOPLE CRAZY.
THIS IS EASY SO FAR.
[ Voice Continues Slowed Down ]
[ Ada ]
THAT IS THIN !  SHE DOESN'T LOOK
LIKE THE SAME PERSON.
I CAN ALMOST ZIP--
THE RED DRESS ?
I'VE ALMOST GOT THE ZIPPER UP.
THE MAILMAN !
MRS. GOLDFARB.
WHEN I SEE IT. I'M GONNA
WAVE IT ALL OVER THE PLACE.
ARE YOU SURE ?
YEAH. I'M SURE.
WHAT DID HE SAY ?
DON'T WORRY. SARA.
IT'LL COME.
YEAH. DON'T WORRY.
IT'S HARRY !
HARRY. OH !
HEY. MA. EASY.
YOU'LL CRUSH ME.
FOR CHRIST'S SAKE.
COME INSIDE.
HI. HARRY !
HELLO. HARRY !
[ Sara ]
WE'LL HAVE A LITTLE VISIT.
SO. HOW ARE YOU. HARRY ?
YOU'RE LOOKING SO GOOD.
YOU WANT SOMETHING
TO EAT ?
NO. MA.
A LITTLE NOSH MAYBE.
A PIECE OF CAKE ?  I COULD
GO OUT AND GET SOMETHING.
I DON'T HAVE ANYTHING
IN THE HOUSE.
BUT ADA WOULD HAVE SOMETHING.
A CUPCAKE ?
YOU WANT SOMETHING TO EAT ?
NO. NO. MA. NOTHING.
PLEASE SIT.
YOU'RE MAKING ME DIZZY.
FOR CHRIST'S SAKE.
YOU NOTICE ANYTHING
ABOUT ME. HUH ?
YOU NOTICE I'M SLIMMER ?
YEAH. I GUESS YOU ARE.
TWENTY-FIVE POUNDS. I LOST.
TWENTY-FIVE POUNDS !
CAN YOU BELIEVE IT ?
AND THAT'S ONLY THE BEGINNING.
THAT'S GREAT. MA.
THAT'S REALLY GREAT.
I'M REALLY HAPPY FOR YOU.
BUT WILL YOU SIT ?  PLEASE.
I'M SORRY I HAVEN'T
BEEN AROUND IN A WHILE. MA.
BUT I'VE BEEN BUSY.
OH. YEAH ?
YOU GOT A GOOD JOB ?
YOU'RE DOING REAL WELL ?
- YEAH. REAL GOOD. REAL GOOD.
- WHAT KIND OF BUSINESS ?
WELL. I'M SORT OF
A DISTRIBUTOR LIKE.
FOR A BIG IMPORTER.
OHHHH !
I'M SO HAPPY FOR YOU !
EASY.
YOU'RE KILLIN' ME.
JESUS. YOU BEEN
LIFTING WEIGHTS ?
- I ALWAYS KNEW
YOU COULD DO THAT.
- YOU WERE RIGHT.
NOW MAYBE YOU'LL MEET
A NICE GIRL AND HAVE A BABY ?
WELL. I ALREADY MET ONE.
[ Squealing ]
MA. DON'T.
DON'T GO APE SHIT.
SO WHO IS SHE ?
WHO'S HER PARENTS ?
YOU KNOW HER.
MARION ?
MARION SILVER.
REMEMBER ?
OH. SILVER !  OF COURSE.
MANHATTAN BEACH.
HE'S GOT A HOUSE
ON THE ESPLANADE.
GARMENT BUSINESS.
YEAH. HE'S REAL BIG
IN WOMEN'S UNDIES.
BEFORE YOU GO BOUNCING
ALL OVER AGAIN
AND MAKE ME FORGET. JUST--
WHAT I WANNA TELL
YOU IS THAT
I GOT YOU A PRESENT.
I DON'T NEED A PRESENT.
JUST HAVE A BABY.
WILL YOU LET ME TELL YOU
WHAT I GOT YA ?
WILL YA. MA ?
CHRIST. YOU ARE REALLY
SOMETHING ELSE TODAY.
YOU KNOW THAT ?
LOOK. I KNOW--
WELL--
I'M SORRY FOR BEING
SUCH A BASTARD.
I WANNA MAKE IT UP.
I MEAN. I KNOW I CAN'T
CHANGE ANYTHING
THAT'S HAPPENED.
BUT I WANT YOU
TO KNOW...
THAT I LOVE YA.
AND THAT I'M SORRY.
AND I WANT YOU TO BE HAPPY.
SO I GOT YOU
A BRAND-NEW TV SET.
IT'S GONNA BE DELIVERED
IN A COUPLE OF DAYS.
IT'S FROM MACY'S !
OH. HARRY !
YOUR FATHER'D BE SO HAPPY
IF HE COULD SEE WHAT
YOU'RE DOING FOR YOUR MOTHER.
SEE THAT. SEYMOUR ?
YOU SEE HOW GOOD YOUR SON IS ?
HE KNOWS WHAT IT'S LIKE
FOR HIS MOTHER
LIVING ALL ALONE.
NO ONE TO VISIT HER.
[ Grinding Sound ]
- [ Grinding Sound ]
- HEY. MA !
- YOU ON UPPERS ?
- WHAT ?
YOU'RE ON UPPERS !
YOU'RE ON DIET PILLS.
AIN'T YOU ?
I TOLD YOU.
I'M GOING TO A SPECIALIST.
THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT !
YOU'RE MAKING A CROAKER
FOR SPEED. AIN'T YA ?
HARRY. ARE YOU ALL RIGHT ?
I'M GOIN' TO A DOCTOR.
- DOES HE GIVE YOU PILLS ?
- OF COURSE HE GIVES ME PILLS.
HE'S A DOCTOR.
- WHAT KIND OF PILLS ?
- A PURPLE ONE. A BLUE ONE.
AN ORANGE ONE--
I MEAN. LIKE
WHAT'S IN 'EM ?
OH. HARRY. I'M SARA GOLDFARB.
NOT ALBERT EINSTEIN.
HOW SHOULD I KNOW ?
DOES THE STUFF MAKE YOU
FEEL GOOD. SORT OF.
AND GIVE YOU LOTS OF PEP ?
OH... YEAH. A LITTLE.
A LITTLE ?
MA. I CAN HEAR YA GRINDING
YOUR TEETH FROM HERE.
THAT GOES AWAY AT NIGHT.
AT NIGHT ?
YEAH. WHEN I TAKE
THE GREEN ONE.
THIRTY MINUTES I'M ASLEEP.
POOF. JUST LIKE THAT.
MA. MA. YA GOTTA CUT
THAT STUFF LOOSE.
IT'S NO GOOD.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN IT'S NO GOOD ?
TWENTY-FIVE POUNDS I'VE LOST.
BIG DEAL !  SO WHAT ?
YOU WANNA BE A DOPE FIEND.
FOR CHRIST'S SAKE ?
WHAT IS WITH THIS DOPE FIEND ?
AM I FOAMING AT THE MOUTH ?
HE'S A NICE DOCTOR.
I AM TELLING YOU
THAT CROAKER'S NO GOOD.
HOW COME YOU KNOW SO MUCH. HUH ?
HOW COME YOU KNOW MORE
ABOUT MEDICINE THAN A DOCTOR ?
BELIEVE ME. MA. I KNOW.
ALL RIGHT ?
YOU'LL GET STRUNG OUT.
FOR CHRIST'S SAKE.
COME ON !
I ALMOST FIT IN MY RED DRESS.
THE ONE I WORE
TO YOUR HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATION.
THE ONE
YOUR FATHER LIKED SO MUCH.
I REMEMBER HOW HE LOOKED
AT ME IN THAT RED DRESS.
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL
ABOUT THE RED DRESS ?
I'M GOING TO WEAR THE--
OH. YOU DON'T KNOW !
I'M GONNA BE ON TELEVISION.
I GOT A CALL
AND AN APPLICATION AND--
COME ON. MA.
WHO'S PULLING YOUR LEG ?
NO. NO. NO.
I'M TELLIN' YA.
I'M GONNA BE A CONTESTANT
ON TELEVISION.
I DON'T KNOW WHEN YET.
THEY HAVEN'T TOLD ME YET.
BUT YOU'LL SEE HOW PROUD YOU ARE
WHEN YOU SEE YOUR MOTHER
IN HER RED DRESS...
ON TELEVISION IN GOLDEN SHOES.
WHAT IS THE BIG DEAL
ABOUT BEING ON TELEVISION ?
THOSE PILLS WILL KILL YOU
BEFORE YOU EVER GET ON.
FOR CHRIST'S SAKE.
BIG DEAL ?
YOU DROVE UP IN A CAB.
DID YOU SEE WHO HAD
THE BEST SEAT ?
I'M SOMEBODY NOW. HARRY.
EVERYBODY LIKES ME.
SOON...
MILLIONS OF PEOPLE WILL SEE ME
AND THEY'LL ALL LIKE ME.
I'LL TELL THEM ABOUT YOU
AND YOUR FATHER.
HOW GOOD HE WAS TO US.
REMEMBER ?
IT'S A REASON TO GET UP
IN THE MORNING.
IT'S A REASON TO LOSE WEIGHT.
TO FIT IN THE RED DRESS.
IT'S A REASON TO SMILE.
IT MAKES TOMORROW ALL RIGHT.
[ Sighs ]
WHAT HAVE I GOT. HARRY ?
HMM ?
WHY SHOULD I EVEN MAKE THE BED
OR WASH THE DISHES ?
I DO THEM. BUT WHY SHOULD I ?
I'M ALONE !
YOUR FATHER'S GONE.
YOU'RE GONE.
I GOT NO ONE...
TO CARE FOR.
WHAT HAVE I GOT. HARRY ?
I'M LONELY.
I'M OLD.
YOU GOT FRIENDS. MA.
IT'S NOT THE SAME.
THEY DON'T NEED ME.
I LIKE THE WAY I FEEL.
I LIKE THINKING
ABOUT THE RED DRESS...
AND THE TELEVISION
AND YOU AND YOUR FATHER.
NOW WHEN I GET THE SUN.
I SMILE.
I'LL COME AND VISIT. MA.
NOW THAT I'M STRAIGHT.
MY BUSINESS IS GOING GOOD.
I'LL COME.
ME AND MARION.
WE'LL COME FOR DINNER.
GOOD.
YOU BRING HER.
I'LL MAKE YOU MUSHROOM SOUP
AND A ROAST.
THAT SOUNDS GREAT. MA.
THAT SOUNDS GREAT.
I'LL GIVE YA A CALL
AHEAD OF TIME. ALL RIGHT ?
OKAY.
I'M GLAD.
I'M GLAD YOU HAVE
A NICE GIRL AND YOUR
OWN BUSINESS.  I'M GLAD.
I'VE GOTTA GO. MA.
I GOT AN APPOINTMENT
IN MANHATTAN IN A LITTLE BIT.
BUT I'LL BE BACK.
OKAY. YOU.
YOU STILL GOT YOUR KEY ?
YEAH. I GOT IT. MA.
BYE. SON.
[ Door Closes ]
[ Sighs ]
[ Crying ]
BRODY SAYS YOU COMIN' UP QUICK.
KID.
OH.  THANKS. MAN.
HE SAYS YOU'RE SMART.
YOU'RE LOYAL.
AND YOU'RE NOT A JUNKIE.
BRODY WANTS TO PROMOTE YOU.
HE WANTS TO GIVE YOU
MORE RESPONSIBILITY.
YOU INTERESTED ?
YEAH. YEAH !
SHIT. YEAH. MAN.
FUCK ME.
I KILL YOU !
BRODY SAYS. YOU FUCK HIM.
"I KILL YOU."
I GOT THAT.
REMEMBER THAT.
SHIT !
YOU GOT A WHITE DRIVER !
[ Gunshots ]
FUCK !
WHAT THE FUCK ?
[ Dog Barking ]
[ Police Siren Wailing ]
DON'T MOVE !
I LOVE YOU. HARRY.
YOU MAKE ME FEEL
LIKE A PERSON.
LIKE I'M ME...
AND I'M BEAUTIFUL.
YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL.
YOU'RE THE MOST
BEAUTIFUL GIRL IN THE WORLD.
YOU'RE MY DREAM.
[ Nurse Over Phone ]
NO. I'M ABSOLUTELY CERTAIN.
I'VE CHECKED AGAIN.
BUT MAYBE YOU GAVE ME
A WEAKER ONE LAST TIME.
THAT ISN'T POSSIBLE.
LIKE I'VE SAID BEFORE.
THEY'RE THE SAME POTENCY.
BUT SOMETHING
ISN'T THE SAME.
YOU'RE JUST BECOMING
ADJUSTED TO THEM.
IT'S NOTHING TO WORRY ABOUT.
MRS. GOLDFARB. OKAY ?
[ Phone Disconnects ]
- WE GOT A WINNER !
SHE'S A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
WITH A WINNING SENSE OF HUMOR
AND A MAGICAL SMILE.
FROM BRIGHTON BEACH. BROOKLYN.
LET'S GIVE A JUICY WELCOME
TO MRS. SARA GOLDFARB !
[ Audience ]
JUICE BY SARA !
OOOH. SARA !
SARA'S GOT JUICE !
[ Rumbling Noise ]
[ Door Opens ]
[ Guard ]
LOVE. TYRONE C.
GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER.
YOU MADE BAIL.
HOW MUCH ?
THEY GOT MOST OF OUR CASH.
YOU'RE UP FOR CONSORTIN'.
OH. SHIT. MAN !
ANGEL SAYS THERE'S A WAR
BETWEEN THE ITALIANS
AND THE BLACKS.
SAL THE GEEP
IS KEEPING THE SHIT
DOWN IN FLORIDA...
UNTIL GUYS LIKE BRODY
ARE ALL KNOCKED OFF.
SHIT.
- NO ONE'S GOT A THING.
- EXCEPT BIG TIM.
LET'S GO SEE HIM.
HE AIN'T SELLIN'.
HE ONLY GIVIN' UP
FOR PUSSY.
- WHAT ?
- PUSSY.  HE'S HOOKED
ON THE THING. MAN.
I TOLD HIM I'D GIVE HIM
ALL HE WANTS.  HE SAID
I AIN'T CUTE ENOUGH FOR HIM.
[ Tappy On TV ]
COME ON. NUMBER THREE !
THIS DRIVES
MOST PEOPLE CRAZY.
THEY'RE NOT GOING
TO LIKE IT.
THIS IS EASY !
GIVE THIS UP FOR 30 DAYS.
IT WILL.
[ Gasping ]
[ Harry ]
YOU ALL RIGHT ?
YEAH.
IT WAS JUST A BAD DREAM.
WANT SOME WATER ?
MAYBE WE SHOULD
DIP IN NOW.
COME ON !
I ALREADY TOLD YOU. ALL RIGHT ?
IT'S ALL WE HAVE.
TYRONE IS GONNA SCORE
IN THE MORNING. HARRY.
I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S A BITCH OUT THERE.
IT'LL BE OKAY.
IT'LL BE OKAY. HARRY.
[ Sighs ]
YEAH. I GUESS SO.
I LOVE YOU. HARRY.
[ Phone Ringing ]
[ Ringing Continues ]
[ Ringing Slows Down ]
[ Doctor Talking Quickly ]
WHAT SEEMS TO BE THE PROBLEM ?
THE WEIGHT'S DOING FINE.
THE WEIGHT'S FINE.
I'M NOT.
THE REFRIGERATOR--
[ Gasps ]
SOMETHING WRONG ?
EVERYTHING'S...
ALL MIXED UP.
CONFUSED LIKE.
THAT'S NOTHING
TO WORRY ABOUT.
JUST GET THIS FILLED.
MAKE AN APPOINTMENT
FOR A WEEK.
WELL ?
TY AIN'T FOUND NOTHIN'
YET.
WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO ?
I DON'T KNOW.
WELL. YOU HAVE TO DO SOMETHING.
IT'S YOUR FAULT WE DON'T HAVE
SOMETHING FOR THE MORNING.
WHAT'RE YOU TALKING ABOUT ?
- YOU WERE HOT IN THE BISCUIT
TO GET OFF LAST NIGHT.
- THAT IS SUCH BULLSHIT !
YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO.
WE COULD'VE HAD SOMETHING NOW.
WHAT WAS I SUPPOSED TO DO ?
SIT AROUND AND WATCH YOU
PUSH OFF AND NOT GO MYSELF ?
DON'T PUT IT ALL
ON ME. OKAY ?
[ Door Slams Shut ]
DON'T WORRY. MAN.
WE'LL FILL IT UP AGAIN.
THINGS'LL GET BETTER.
THEN WE'LL BE FILLIN'
THE BOX BACK UP. YOU KNOW ?
YOU WANNA HEAR THE NEWS ?
WHAT NEWS ?
YOU GOT YOUR GOOD NEWS.
YOU GOT YOUR BAD NEWS.
SHOOT.
THE GOOD NEWS IS.
COUPLE OF DAYS THERE'S GONNA BE
SOME PRIME BACK ON THE STREET.
- REALLY ?
- MM-HMM.
WHO TOLD YOU THAT ?
ANGEL.
YEAH ?
HE SAYS SAL THE GEEP SENT WORD
TO THE STREETS TO LET
A COUPLE OF KEYS GO...
FOR THE CHRISTMAS SEASON.
HIM BEING A GOOD CHRISTIAN.
NOT WANTIN' ANYBODY TO BE
WANTIN' DURING THIS SEASON.
YOU BELIEVE IT ?
WELL. I DID.
TILL I HEARD THE BAD NEWS.
[ Footsteps ]
YEAH ?
PRICE IS DOUBLE.
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO COP
FOR WEIGHT.
AT LEAST A HALF
A PIECE.
HOW MUCH ?
- TWO.
- TWO ?
THAT'S FUCKIN' INSANE !
WHAT THE FUCK YOU GONNA DO ?
MAN AIN'T GONNA LAY
NO NICKEL BAG ON YA.
THAT'S FOR DAMN SURE.
- WHERE WE GONNA GET TWO ?
- YOU MEAN ARNOLD ?
WELL. YOUR PARENTS
WON'T EVEN RETURN YOUR CALL.
I HAVEN'T SEEN HIM
IN MONTHS.
- SO WHAT ?
HE'S STILL CALLIN'. AIN'T HE ?
- I DON'T KNOW.
LOOK. I DON'T KNOW
WHAT ELSE TO DO.
THIS IS OUR LAST CHANCE
TO GET BACK ON TRACK !
WE WON'T HAVE TO SCUFFLE
AND MAKE THE FREEZING SCENE
EVERY DAY !
WE NEED THE BREAD.
GETTING THE MONEY
IS NOT THE PROBLEM. HARRY.
WHAT IS THE PROBLEM.
FOR CHRIST SAKE ?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
I'M GONNA HAVE TO DO TO GET IT.
LOOK.
BABY.
WE'LL BE BACK IN BUSINESS
IN NO TIME.
WE'LL START MOVIN' AGAIN.
AND WE'LL START SAVIN'.
IT'LL BE PERFECT.
JUST LIKE IT WAS.
I PROMISE. MARION.
YOU'LL SEE.
NO. I'VE JUST. UH--
I'VE HAD THIS FLU FOREVER.
IT SEEMS LIKE.
ARE YOU DEPRESSED ?
NO. IT'S NOTHING LIKE THAT.
I'VE BEEN. UH--
I'VE BEEN REALLY BUSY.
ACTUALLY. I'VE BEEN DESIGNING...
NONSTOP.
THAT'S WONDERFUL.
GLAD TO HEAR
YOU'VE BEEN PRODUCTIVE.
TO BE PERFECTLY FRANK.
I WAS A LITTLE SURPRISED
TO HEAR FROM YOU.
- IS THERE SOMETHING WRONG ?
- NO.  WHY ?
WELL.
IT'S USUALLY THE CASE...
WHEN YOU GET A CALL
FROM SOMEONE YOU HAVEN'T
HEARD FROM FOR A WHILE.
EVERYTHING'S FINE.
ACTUALLY.
I HAVE A FAVOR TO ASK.
[ Screaming ]
YOU SMUG FUCK !
WHAT IS IT ?
I NEED TO BORROW MONEY.
MAY I ASK WHAT FOR ?
COULD YOU TURN
THE LIGHT OFF ?
WHY DO YOU WANT THE LIGHT OFF ?
I JUST DO.
YOU NEVER DID BEFORE.
PLEASE. ARNOLD.
[ TV Indistinct ]
[ Door Closes ]
[ Elevator Bell Rings ]
WHERE IS EVERYBODY ?
I DON'T KNOW. MAN.
ALL ANGEL SAID WAS
MEET AT WALDBAUM'S.
YOU SURE THIS IS
THE RIGHT WALDBAUM'S ?
YEAH. I'M POSITIVE.
YOU JUST WATCH MY BACK.
AND I'LL WATCH YOURS.
WHAT THE FUCK
ARE WE SUPPOSED TO DO NOW ?
HEY.
EVERYONE AND THEIR MOTHER.
YEAH. THE TRUCK'S GONNA BE HERE.
BACK UP.
[ Cheering ]
[ Excited Chattering ]
[ Machine Gun Fire ]
[ Horn Honking ]
COME BACK !
STUPID FUCKIN' JUNKIE !
WE'RE FUCKED !
-MOTHERFUCKER'S GOIN'
BACK TO FLORIDA.
-IT WAS THE LAST SHIP FOR MILES.
SITTIN' THEIR ASSES
IN THE SUN...
WHILE WE SIT HERE ASS DEEP
IN SOME MOTHERFUCKIN' SNOW.
HEY. WHAT WOULD HAPPEN
IF WE WENT DOWN THERE TO COP ?
- ARE YOU SERIOUS ?
- WHY NOT ?
WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU SAYIN' ?
WE SUPPOSED TO WALK UP TO
SOME ROOM CLERK AT SOME HOTEL...
AND ASK HIM
FOR A CONNECTION ?
GET WITH IT !
YOU TELLING ME
YOU CAN'T NOSE OUT SOME DOPE
WHEN IT'S AROUND ?
MAN. WE GOT NOTHIN'
TO LOSE.
IT'S WIDE OPEN.
AND IF WE GET THERE
RIGHT AWAY.
WE CAN NAME OUR OWN PRICE. AND
WE CAN SIT BACK AND HAVE THOSE
FOOLS COVER THE STREET FOR US.
YEAH. MAN.  LAST SUMMER
WAS A MOTHERFUCKIN' BALL.
HUH. JIM ?
IT SEEMS LIKE
A THOUSAND YEARS AGO
SINCE LAST SUMMER. MAN.
IT'LL BE LIKE THAT
AGAIN. MAN.
I COULD GET ANGEL
TO GET US A SHORT...
IF WE PROMISE HIM
SOME DYNAMITE SCAG.
[ Chuckles ]
[ Phone Beeping ]
[ Beeping Continues ]
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN ?
WHERE THE HELL
YOU THINK I'VE BEEN ?
- WHERE'S THE SCORE ?
- WELL. WE HAD A BIT
OF A PROBLEM.
I MEAN.
EVERYTHING WAS GOIN' GOOD.
AND THEN...
SOME DUMB ASS JUNKIE--
DID WHAT ?
SOME DUMB ASS JUNKIE
- YOU MEAN YOU FUCKED IT UP ?
- WHAT THE FUCK
IS WRONG WITH YOU ?
YOU PROMISED ME
EVERYTHING WAS GONNA BE OKAY.
I FUCKED THAT SLEEZEBAG FOR YOU.
I PUT MYSELF THROUGH
FUCKING HELL FOR YOU !
- THERE'S NOTHING OUT THERE !
- I DON'T GIVE A SHIT !
YOU FUCKING LOSER !
YOU WANNA BE SURE
WE HAVE SOME EXTRA STUFF ?
TY TOLD ME ABOUT A GUY
WHO'S HOLDING SOME WEIGHT.
BUT HE AIN'T
SELLIN' IT !
- [ Ty ]  YEAH ?
- TY. GIMME THAT GUY'S NUMBER.
WHAT GUY ?
THE GUY WHO LIKES BROADS !
[ Ty ]  WHY ?
JUST GIMME
THE FUCKIN' NUMBER !
934-8777.
YOU WORRIED SO MUCH.
GO FIX YOURSELF WITH HIM !
YOU WON'T HAVE TO FUCKIN'
WAIT AROUND SO MUCH. AND I WON'T
FREEZE MY ASS IN THE STREET !
[ Door Slams Shut ]
- [ Audience Applauding ]
- ALL RIGHT. WE GOT A WINNER.
[ Audience ]
WE GOT A WINNER.
- WE GOT A WINNER.
SHE'S A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
WITH A WINNING SENSE OF HUMOR
AND A MAGICAL SMILE.
SHE'S REALLY GONNA WIN
YOUR HEART.  STRAIGHT FROM
BRIGHTON BEACH. BROOKLYN.
PLEASE GIVE A JUICY WELCOME
TO OUR VERY OWN
MRS. SARA GOLDFARB !
[ Audience ]
JUICE BY SARA !
OOOH. SARA !
[ Cheering. Applause ]
[ Red Sara ]
IT'S A PLEASURE TO BE HERE.
IT'S A PLEASURE TO HAVE YOU.
AND THAT IS ONE
SMASHING DRESS YOU HAVE ON.
[ Cheering. Applause ]
THANK YOU.
TAPPY. IF YOU DON'T MIND.
I WOULD LIKE TO SAY HELLO
TO MY HUSBAND SEYMOUR.
AND TO MY BEAUTIFUL.
SUCCESSFUL SON HAROLD.
I HOPE YOU'RE IN LOVE.
PLEASE COME AND SEE ME.
AND BRING MARION. WON'T YOU ?
I'M SURE HE'LL BE HERE SOON.
IT'S ALMOST THAT TIME.
ARE YOU READY ?
I'M READY. TAPPY.
[ Audience Gasps ]
NOT TO WORRY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE ?
WHY ARE YOU HERE ?
- WHAT DO YOU WANT ?
- OH. TAPPY !
JOIN US IN CREATING
EXCELLENCE.
OH. I THOUGHT
YOU'D NEVER ASK.
[ Audience Gasps ]
LOOK AT THIS.
- IT'S DISGUSTING.
- WHAT DO YOU EXPECT ?
- [ Laughing ]
- COULD YOU DO ANY BETTER ?
IT'S AN OLD BUILDING.
IT HASN'T BEEN PAINTED
IN YEARS.
I'M OLD !  ALONE !
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND.
PLEASE.  I'LL EXPLAIN.
[ Laughing ]
[ Gasps ]
WHAT IS THAT ?
I DON'T WANT THAT !
WHAT ARE YOU DOING ?
GET AWAY FROM ME !
- READY. MRS. GOLDFARB.
- READY FOR WHAT ?
THREE. TWO. ONE.
♪ [ Game Show Music ]
♪
FEED ME. SARA.
- [ Together ]
- FEED ME. SARA.
[ Chanting ]
FEED ME. SARA !  FEED ME. SARA !
[ Chanting Continues ]
FEED ME. SARA !
JESUS !
TELL THEM TO STOP !
PLEASE !
[ Screaming ]
[ Harry ]
THANK YOU. ANGEL.
WHOO-HOO !  SURE HOPE
THIS MOTHERFUCKER WORKS.
MY ASS COULD USE SOME HEAT.
HOW LONG YOU THINK
THIS TRIP'S GONNA TAKE ?
WE'LL MAKE IT IN A DAY.
A DAY ?  SHIT !
CALIFORNIA.
HERE WE COME.
IT'S FLORIDA. TY.
FLORIDA.
CALIFORNIA. FLORIDA--
EITHER WAY. YOUR PALE ASS
GETTING A TAN. RIGHT ?
[ Sara ]
DO YOU KNOW IF THIS TRAIN
GOES TO MADISON AVENUE ?
DO YOU KNOW MAYLIN AND BLOCK ?
I HAVE THEIR ADDRESS.
IT'S ON MADISON AVENUE.
I'M GONNA BE ON TELEVISION.
YOU'RE WHACKED !
HEY !  HEY !  HELLO ?
DO YOU KNOW IF THIS TRAIN
GOES TO MADISON AVENUE ?
I'M GONNA BE ON TELEVISION !
I JUST HAVE TO FIND OUT WHEN.
FLORIDA.
WHEN IS HE GONNA BE BACK ?
A FEW DAYS ?
ANGEL. WHAT AM I SUPPOSED
TO DO ?
PLEASE. YOU GOTTA HELP ME.
COME ON.
I CAN GET YOU MONEY.
ANGEL.
THERE'S GOTTA BE SOMETHING.
ANYTHING.  HELP ME.
WHY AREN'T YOU CALLING ME ?
I HAVE TO KNOW WHEN
I'M GONNA BE ON TELEVISION.
I'M SARA GOLDFARB.
AND YOU SHOULD TELL ME
WHEN I'M GONNA BE ON TELEVISION.
JUST SIT FOR A MOMENT.
I'LL RING THEM.
I JUST WANNA KNOW WHEN.
MAYBE YOU LOST MY CARD !
PLEASE. DARLING. HAVE A LOOK.
AND YOU'LL TELL ME.
IT'S NOT THE PRIZES.
I'LL GIVE THEM AWAY.
I JUST WANNA BE
ON THE SHOW.
I'VE WAITED SO LONG...
TO BE ON WITH MY HARRY
AND MY GRANDSON.
MRS. GOLDFARB.
SIP THIS.
SOMETIMES IT TAKES A WHILE
TO GET CALLED FOR A SHOW.
MRS. GOLDFARB.
OH.  OOOH.
[ Door Closes ]
- THIS HER ?
- YES.
- CAN YOU WALK ?
- I'M WALKIN'
ACROSS THE STAGE !
AND YOU SHOULD SEE MY HARRY
ON TELEVISION.
WE'RE GIVING THE PRIZES AWAY.
I JUST WANTED TO BE
ON THE SHOW !
[ Sobbing ]
[ Paramedic ]  WHAT'S HER NAME ?
WE THINK IT'S
SARA GOLDFARB.
CALL SEYMOUR AND TELL HIM
TO MEET ME AT THE BEAUTY PARLOR.
I'VE GOT THE RED DRESS THAT
I WORE TO HARRY'S GRADUATION.
AND THE GOLD SHOES.
OKAY. MRS. GOLDFARB.
HERE WE GO.
ONE. TWO. THREE--
LET'S TAKE IT
NICE AND EASY.
[ Dial Tone ]
[ Numbers Dialing ]
[ Ringing ]
[ Big Tim ]
YEAH ?
[ Disconnects ]
[ Numbers Dialing ]
[ Ringing ]
[ Big Tim ]
YEAH ?
[ Whispering ]
HI.
[ Chuckling ]
TELL ROSE I'M GOING TO BE
ON TELEVISION.
[ Siren Wailing ]
[ Sighs ]
WHOO.
OH. SHIT !
GODDAMN !
HOW LONG YOU HAD THAT ?
JUST A FEW DAYS.
- THAT SHIT DON'T LOOK TOO GOOD.
- IT DON'T FEEL TOO GOOD
EITHER. MAN.
BUT A LITTLE STUFF
WILL TAKE CARE OF THAT.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU ?
DON'T SHOOT IN THERE !
I'LL BLOW IT IF I DON'T.
FUCK IT.
OH.  SHIT.
[ Buzzer Buzzing ]
- HI. HOW ARE YOU ?
CAN YOU HEAR ME ?
- YES. SEYMOUR.
- TAKE ANYTHING ?
- I TOOK MY RED DRESS AND--
- NO EMERGENCY.
TAKE HER TO PSYCH.
- TELEVISION.
COME ON IN.
THANKS.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME ?
MARION.
WELL.
WHAT DO YOU KNOW ?
MAID MARION.
[ Laughing ]
I'M LITTLE JOHN.
- YOU HAVE A BEAUTIFUL VIEW.
- YOU KNOW WHAT I LIKE BEST
ABOUT PATTY CHICKS ?
THEY GIVE GOOD HEAD.
BLACK BROADS
DON'T KNOW NOTHIN'
ABOUT NO HEAD.
I DON'T KNOW WHY.
MAYBE IT HAS SOMETHING TO DO
WITH SOME ANCIENT TRIBAL CUSTOM.
[ Chuckling ]
COME HERE.
MMM.  MMM.
BETTER SAVE
SOME OF THAT ENERGY.
COME HERE.
I KNOW IT'S PRETTY.
BABY.
BUT I DIDN'T TAKE IT OUT
FOR AIR.
I TOLD YOUR ASS
STAY AWAY FROM THAT ARM.
SEE ?
I GOTTA CALL MARION.
MAN.
THAT'S ABOUT TO BE
A LONG DISTANCE CALL NOW.
THAT'S 600 MILES !
WE ARE 600 MILES CLOSER
TO MIAMI.
IT'S ALSO 600 MILES
FURTHER AWAY FROM NEW YORK.
I KNOW WHERE YOU CAN PICK UP
A REAL NICE TASTE.
THOUGH IT'S MORE LIKE PLAY.
SUNDAY NIGHT WE'RE THROWING
A LITTLE GATHERING.
ALL GOOD PEOPLE.
I CAN'T. I'M BUSY.
ANYWAY.
I'M NOT REALLY HOOKED.
OH. I KNOW.
BUT IT'S A REAL NICE TASTE.
I'LL SEE YOU SUNDAY.
MAID MARION.
OKAY. MRS. GOLDFARB. JUST TRY
AND ANSWER MY QUESTIONS.
OKAY ?
- WHEN DID YOU START TAKING
THE PILLS ?
- OH. THE SUMMER.
- YOU STARTED LAST SUMMER ?
- I GOT THE BEST PLACE
IN THE SUN.
ADA FIXED MY HAIR.
EVERYTHING IS GONNA BE
ALL RIGHT.
WE'LL GET YOU FIXED UP
IN NO TIME.
[ Screaming ]
- HOLD TIGHT. MAN.
- I CAN'T CUT IT.  I GOTTA DO
SOMETHING ABOUT THIS ARM.
LET ME SEE WHAT
IT LOOKS LIKE.
OH. DAMN. JIM !
OH. MAN.
THAT'S THE UGLIEST MOTHERFUCKER
I'VE EVER SEEN.
- I GOTTA CALL MARION.
- FUCK THAT.  WE GOTTA GET YOU
TO A HOSPITAL. MAN.
WHAT IS THAT ?
I DON'T WANT THAT.
I DON'T WANT THAT !
[ Moaning ]
[ Groaning ]
[ Phone Ringing ]
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM ?
IT'S MY ARM.
MY ARM IS KILLIN' ME.
LET'S HAVE A LOOK AT IT.
- [ Groaning ]
- ALL RIGHT.
I'LL BE BACK
IN A MINUTE.
I WANNA PLAY BLACKJACK
ALL NIGHT LONG.
SO I MAKE UP THIS ROUTINE.
I TELL THEM. "YOU GO AHEAD.
I DON'T FEEL GOOD.
YOU GO HAVE A GOOD TIME
DANCING."  SURE ENOUGH.
THEY LEAVE THE ROOM.
READY ?
ONE. TWO AND THREE.
AS SOON AS THEY LEAVE.
I GO RUNNING BACK TO THE CASINO.
SIT AT MY BLACKJACK TABLE.
I AM THERE
FOR THE WHOLE NIGHT.
FINALLY. I GET UP SO BIG.
I GOT $500 BLACK CHIPS
IN MY POCKET.
I SWEAR TO GOD.
THE HOURS ARE GOING BY.
I'M LAYING BACK.
I'M HITTIN' ON HARD SEVENTEENS.
IT WAS BEAUTIFUL.
[ Groaning ]
NEXT THING I KNOW. THIS GUY
IS SITTING NEXT TO ME.
HE'S A SECURITY GUARD.
TELLING ME I HAVE TO LEAVE.
I'M LIKE.
"WHY YOU TELLING ME
I HAVE TO LEAVE ?"
HE SAYS. "YOU HAVE
TO LEAVE BECAUSE--"
[ Attendant Continues
Indistinct ]
SWALLOW.
[ Footsteps
Approaching ]
YOU HAVE TO EAT. MRS. GOLDFARB.
IF WE'RE GONNA GET YOU HEALTHY.
YOU HAVE TO EAT.
WORK WITH
THE ATTENDANTS.
I'M GONNA TRY
SOME NEW MEDICATIONS.
[ Groaning ]
[ Muffled Screams ]
[ Phone Ringing ]
[ Ringing Continues ]
HELLO.
[ Harry ]
MARION.
HARRY ?
MARION. I'VE BEEN
THINKING ABOUT YOU SO MUCH.
ARE YOU OKAY ?
- WHEN YOU COMIN' HOME ?
- SOON.
- WHEN ?
YOU HOLDIN' OUT
ALL RIGHT ?
HARRY ?
CAN YOU COME TODAY ?
[ Sighs ]
YEAH.
[ Crying ]
I'LL COME.
I'LL COME TODAY.
JUST WAIT FOR ME.
ALL RIGHT ?
OKAY. HARRY.
I'M COMING BACK.
MARION.
YEAH.
MARION ?
I'M SORRY. MARION.
I KNOW.
[ Doctor ]
MRS. GOLDFARB ?
YOU ALL RIGHT ?
UM. SO. MRS. GOLDFARB.
WE'VE TRIED
SEVERAL MEDICATIONS.
AND YOU DON'T SEEM
TO BE RESPONDING.
WE MIGHT BE AT A POINT
WHERE WE MIGHT WANT TO TRY
SOME ALTERNATIVE METHODS.
WE'VE HAD EXCELLENT RESULTS
WITH E.C.T. IN THE PAST.
SO IF I CAN JUST GET
YOUR JOHN HANCOCK.
WE'LL GET UNDERWAY.
GREAT.  THANKS.
[ Groaning ]
OH. JESUS CHRIST !
SOMEBODY HELP US.
I NEED A DOCTOR. MAN.
MY FRIEND IS SICK.
GIVE HIM SOME HELP. PLEASE.
I CAN'T TAKE IT. MAN !
MY ARM !  MY FUCKIN' ARM !
HELP ME !
HELP US !  SOMEBODY
FUCKIN' HELP US. PLEASE !
[ Knocks ]
[ Door Opens ]
MAID MARION.  WELCOME.
[ Chuckling ]
CAN YOU HEAR ME ?
CAN YOU SEE ME ?
YES. SIR.
OKAY FOR WORK.
CAN YOU HEAR ME ?
CAN YOU SEE ME ?
[ Inmate ]
YES. SIR.
OKAY FOR WORK.
CAN YOU HEAR ME ?
CAN YOU SEE ME ?
[ Inmate ]
YES. SIR.
OKAY FOR WORK.
CAN YOU HEAR ME ?
CAN YOU SEE ME ?
[ Inmate ]
YES. SIR.
OKAY FOR WORK.
CAN YOU HEAR ME ?
CAN YOU SEE ME ?
YES. SIR.
[ Big Tim ]
FELLAS. MEET MARION.
[ Men Cheering ]
CAN YOU HEAR ME ?
CAN YOU SEE ME ?
[ Inmate ]
YES. SIR.
OKAY FOR WORK.
CAN YOU HEAR ME ?
CAN YOU SEE ME ?
[ Inmate ]
YES. SIR.
OKAY FOR WORK.
- [ Cheering ]
- SHOW TIME.
OKAY FOR WORK.
CAN YOU HEAR ME ?
CAN YOU SEE ME ?
- YES.
- SAY. "SIR."
GODDAMN NEW YORK
DOPE FIEND NIGGERS.
LEARN SOME MANNERS.
CAN YOU HEAR ME ?
CAN YOU SEE ME ?
- YES. SIR.
- OKAY FOR WORK.
GOT A MOUTHPIECE.
CAN YOU HEAR ME ?
- CAN YOU SEE ME ?
- SAYS HE'S GOT SOMETHING WRONG
WITH HIS ARM.
[ Screams ]
- I DON'T THINK HE'LL BE PUTTIN'
ANY MORE DOPE IN THAT ARM.
- SMELLS WORSE THAN HE DO.
[ Prison Doctor ]  GET HIM OVER
TO THE HOSPITAL.  I DON'T EXPECT
HE'LL LIVE OUT THE WEEK.
- [ Groaning ]
- READY ?  AND ONE.
[ Cheering ]
[ Machines Beeping ]
[ Guard ]
THAT'S THE TROUBLE WITH
YOU NEW YORK DOPE FIENDS.
YOU GOT A ROTTEN ATTITUDE.
YOU KNOW THAT. MAN ?
- WHAT ARE WE GONNA DO NOW ?
- ASS TO ASS.
[ Laughing ]  ASS TO ASS !
PUT YOUR SPINELESS BACK
INTO IT !  COME ON !
READY ?
AND TWO !
[ Man ]
ASS TO ASS !
[ Cheering ]
[ Man ]
PUT IT IN THERE !
[ Man ]  THAT'S IT.
NICE AND EASY.
[ Guard ]
MASHED POTATOES.
HERE'S THE CLOSE.
I NEED ONE GRAM.  BINGO.
[ Man ]
DON'T GIVE UP.  DON'T GIVE UP.
MOVE IT. MOVE IT. MOVE IT !
OKAY.
READY ?
AND THREE !
CUM !  CUM !
CUM !  CUM !  CUM !  CUM !
WE'RE GONNA TAKE IT OFF
AT THE SHOULDER.  LET'S MOVE IT.
OTHERWISE WE LOSE HIM !
CUM !  CUM !  CUM !  CUM !
- SAW.
- CUM !  CUM !  CUM !  CUM !
[ Inaudible ]
MARION !
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
DON'T WORRY.
YOU'RE IN A HOSPITAL.
MARION ?
WHO'S THAT ?
SHE'LL BE SENT FOR.
SHE'LL COME.
- NO.
- NO ?
NO. SHE WON'T.
SHE'LL COME.
[ Crying ]
[ Audience Applauding ]
[ Tappy ]
ALL RIGHT !  WE GOT A WINNER.
[ Audience ]  WE GOT A WINNER.
[ Tappy ]
GOT A WINNER !
[ Audience ]  WE GOT A WINNER.
OUR NEXT WINNER
IS THAT DELIGHTFUL PERSONALITY.
STRAIGHT FROM
BRIGHTON BEACH. BROOKLYN.
PLEASE. GIVE A JUICY WELCOME
TO MRS. SARA GOLDFARB !
[ Cheering. Applause ]
[ Tappy ]  I'M DELIGHTED
TO TELL YOU THAT YOU HAVE
JUST WON THE GRAND PRIZE !
OH. NO !
LET ME TELL YOU
WHAT YOU'VE WON.
YOUR PRIZE HAS A SWEET SMILE.
AND HIS OWN PRIVATE BUSINESS.
HE JUST GOT ENGAGED.
AND IS ABOUT TO GET MARRIED
THIS SUMMER.
WILL YOU PLEASE GIVE A WARM
AND JUICY WELCOME.
HARRY GOLDFARB !
[ Audience ]
JUICE BY HARRY !
OOOH. HARRY'S GOT JUICE !
HARRY'S GOT JUICE !
OOOH. HARRY !
- I LOVE YOU. HARRY.
- I LOVE YOU TOO. MA.
[ Cheering. Applause ]